I conducted a performance analysis on the Crystal Town Student  academics performance. This analysis provides a comprehensive insights for the  year 2022. With the use of Microsoft Excel I was able to analyze the data and make analytical report. This analysis is intended to assist the management in making informed decisions to help improve the student academics performance for the coming years.
Key points ; 
The best performing is student, C with 74 grade points. 
Students in public schools performed better than the private school students 
The student performance have dropped compared to last examination result 
Last exam the students had a sum 3003 grade points in total while in their recent exams they have a sum of 2599. 
we have the best student W in last exam with 100 grade point and in the present result the best student has 74 grade point.
We have more teachers with average qualities than the teachers with high qualities
 The educational level of the parent that are attending to their kids seem inconsistent Or rather low
Observation and recommendation
From the analysis, we can see that the best performing student, C did well with a grade point of 74. 
Students in public schools performed better than the private school students and this could be as a result of the poor quality of teachers hired in private schools. or probably the scale of salaries
The student performance have dropped compared to last examination result e.g the previous exams scores has a sum 3003 while the present is a sum of 2599. we have the best student W in last exam with 100 grade point compared to the present result where the best student has 74 grade point.
We have more teachers with average qualities than the teachers with high qualities, also the educational level of the parent that are attending to their kids seem inconsistent.
Students in public schools did better than their private school counterparts and this could be as a result of the poor quality of teachers hired in private schools. I recommend that the measures or yardsticks for private school recruitment be reviewed to conform with that of the public schools to enable them employ more qualified teachers.
Students with high and low parent involvement are likely to perform poorly. I recommend that parents participates actively but their involvement and participation should be carefully guided by the school authorities.
Students with negative peer group should be sensitized to desist from such association because it clearly affects their class performance.
The female students should be given extra attention in order to bring them up to speed with their male counterparts because it seems, they are lagging behind.
Students who study for very long hours and very short hours should be sensitized about the importance of moderation in their study activities.
Tutoring hours should be fixed in moderation to avoid overburdening or under burdening the students.
 

